Add globals feature for `OmegaConfigLoader` using a globals resolver (#2921)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/configuration/advanced_configuration.md

#### Other configuration files
It's also possible to use variable interpolation in configuration files other than parameters and catalog, such as custom spark or mlflow configuration. This works in the same way as variable interpolation in parameter files. You can still use the underscore for the templated values if you want, but it's not mandatory like it is for catalog files.

### How to use global variables with the `OmegaConfigLoader`

> From Kedro `0.18.13`, you can also use variable interpolation in your configurations using "globals" with `OmegaConfigLoader`.

Author: Note to self: Change version depending on when this is merged.

> From Kedro `0.18.13`, you can also use variable interpolation in your configurations using "globals" with `OmegaConfigLoader`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From Kedro `0.18.13`, you can use variable interpolation in your configurations using "globals" with `OmegaConfigLoader`.
```

> The benefit of using globals over regular variable interpolation is that the global variables are shared across different configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The benefit of using globals over regular variable interpolation is that the global variables are shared across different configuration types, such as catalog and parameters.
```

> By default, these global variables are assumed to be in files called `globals.yml` in either of your environments. If you want to configure the naming patterns for the files that contain your global variables,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, these global variables are assumed to be in files called `globals.yml` in any of your environments. If you want to configure the naming patterns for the files that contain your global variables,
```

The benefit of using globals over regular variable interpolation is that the global variables are shared across different configuration types, such as catalog and parameters.
By default, these global variables are assumed to be in files called `globals.yml` in any of your environments. If you want to configure the naming patterns for the files that contain your global variables,
you can do so [by overwriting the `globals` key in `config_patterns`](#how-to-change-which-configuration-files-are-loaded). You can also [bypass the configuration loading](#how-to-bypass-the-configuration-loading-rules)
to directly set the global variables in `OmegaConfigLoader`.

Suppose you have global variables located in the file `conf/base/globals.yml`:
```yaml
my_global_value: 45
dataset_type:
  csv: pandas.CSVDataSet
```
You can access these global variables in your catalog or parameters config files with a `globals` resolver like this:
`conf/base/parameters.yml`:
```yaml
my_param : "${globals:my_global_value}"
```
`conf/base/catalog.yml`:
```yaml
companies:
  filepath: data/01_raw/companies.csv
  type: "${globals:dataset_type.csv}"
```

> You can also provide a default value to be used incase the globals variable does not exist:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also provide a default value to be used in case the globals variable does not exist:
```
